hello everyone this is exciting because
this grill is here not only that check
this out so is the storm cutter on a
snap Wow okay so there's like a whole
deal for this and honestly I don't
really know what the deal is because
still pretty expensive to me but here we
have the Skrill a joke from the strike
classes dragging them on the most feared
dragons bacon summon lightning to shoot
electrical blast quite a shock and this
one is the silhouette of a Skrill is a
symbol of the Berserker tribe this
dragon was once owned by dogger the
deranged until hiccup set it free
daughter is not happy you can see that
this one at level 60 makes considerably
more than this one does and it also
collects wood which this one cannot so
I'm going to go ahead and search for the
storm cutter hopefully if you church for
the most rare one you have a chance of
getting the other ones or a higher
chance at least from my experience
that's what I feel so I've added room so
that i can add another Viking house
there hello sweet little girl how are
you doing alright so let's get you
someone and for us to progress further
in the game we have to have dragons at
level 36 or over so um yes let's let's
go ahead and train you up I'm getting
there guys I'm getting there I'm
surprised this was making a lot geez
look at this guy the job according to
with you how to train your dragon wiki
it says that the Skrill is an elusive
strike last dragon appearing the film
adaptation of how to train your dragon
and according to the book of dragons to
one of the most mysterious and
formidable dragons it is also of the
most powerful dragons being among the
smartest rarest and fastest dragons and
it was seen in the dragon manual i hook
up was looking for more information on
night Furies aha and down here you can
see what the picture rendition of it is
it is nine meters in length and compared
to hiccup this is how and he's six foot
two or three or whatever and yeah
they're pretty big dragons look how
magnificent that dragon is just
importance of water on that thing should
bring it down also guys don't miss out
on your chance to get the cloud jumper
once again I guess Lou you heard her
cries
and we have yet again another choice to
get a chance to get the cloud jumper
this one looks different oh yeah I was
wondering why they said the cloud jumper
is just the regular species store cutter
is hiccups mothers what pleasure did
probably warn those who didn't watch how
to train your dragon 2 months whatever
but it's Hicker hiccups here pick up the
dragon hiccups Mama's dragon holy cow
the store and cutter is a storm cutter
alright guys well see you later have fun
and whoever gets it please comment below
also count below what you are planning
to get out of the bunch of dragons that
are being displayed for the sale for two
days all right guys good luck happy
searching and stay tuned for battle what
is this oh ok that's scary for a second
yeah alright later